---
title: 王榮騰
permalink: /classmates/王榮騰/
sectionid: classmates
---
Laung-Terng (L.-T.) Wang, chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of SynTest Technologies (Sunnyvale, CA), is also a visiting professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering at National Taiwan University, the Department of Creative Informatics at Kyushu Institute of Technology, and the School of Software at Tsinghua University. He received his BSEE and MSEE degrees from National Taiwan University in 1975 and 1977, respectively, and his MSEE and EE Ph.D. degrees under the Honors Cooperative Program (HCP) from Stanford University in 1982 and 1987, respectively. He worked at Intel (Santa Clara, CA) and Daisy Systems (Mountain View, CA) from 1980 to 1986 and was with the Department of Electrical Engineering of Stanford University as Research Associate and Lecturer from 1987 to 1991.

Encouraged by his advisor and professor Edward J. McCluskey, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, Dr. Wang founded SynTest Technologies in 1990. The design-for-testability (DFT) technologies Dr. Wang has developed have been successfully implemented in thousands of ASIC designs worldwide. He currently holds more than 50 U.S. Patents, 4 Japan Patents, 2 European Patents (each registered in Britain, Germany, and France), and 2 Chinese Patents in the areas of scan synthesis, test generation, at-speed scan testing, test compression, logic built-in self-test (BIST), and design for debug-and-diagnosis (DFD).

Dr. Wang spearheaded efforts on raising over $2 million to honor his undergraduate advisor and NTU chair professor Irving T. Ho (Stanford Ph.D., 1961), and his graduate advisor and Stanford professor Edward J. McCluskey (MIT ScD, 1956). Since 2003, he has helped establish a number of endowed chair professorships, graduate fellowships, and undergraduate scholarships at Stanford University, National Taiwan University, Tsinghua University, and Shanghai Jiao Tong University. He also co-authored and led to edit three internationally used DFT/EDA textbooks – [VLSI Test Principles and Architectures](https://www.elsevier.com/books/vlsi-test-principles-and-architectures/wang/978-0-12-370597-6) (2006), [System-on-Chip Test Architectures](https://www.elsevier.com/books/system-on-chip-test-architectures/wang/978-0-12-373973-5) (2007), and [Electronic Design Automation](https://www.elsevier.com/books/electronic-design-automation/wang/978-0-12-374364-0) (2009) – with sales over 4,500 copies by December 2009.

A member of Sigma Xi, Dr. Wang received a 2007 Meritorious Service Award from the IEEE Computer Society and is a co-recipient of the 2008 IEICE Information and Systems Society Excellent Paper Award for an excellent series of papers that appeared in IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems during a period of five years. He is a Fellow of the IEEE, a Golden Core Member of the IEEE Computer Society, and serves on the 2010 IEEE Computer Society Fellow Evaluation Committee.
